

Hello this is our cs101 project titled pacman

this is the video demonstration of our project

our team id is 291

and team members are the following

aditya agarwal 14D110015
rishabh jain 140110065
rishabh dosi 140110066
harshita motwani 140110075

Now to run our game,

Use a linux based os(preferably ubuntu)
make sure you have a simplecpp compiler

download our files from moodle
and extract it into a folder

please make sure all the files are in same folder

open the source folder

in it click open the folder pacman
make sure it contains 5 files
namely  'Main_menu.cpp'
	'easy_maze_only.h'
	'pacman_level_maze2.h'
	'pacman_level_maze2.cpp'
	'pacman_level_easy.cpp' 

build and run the 'Main_menu.cpp' file either through terminal ar through code blocks
you will see a menu giving options

	play
	help
	about 
	exit

on clicking help instruction are given.
clicking on back takes us back on the menu.

on clicking about details of our project team is mentioned.
clicking on back takes us back on the menu.

on clicking exit the program terminates.
We will show that on the end of this video.

now click on play,
choose either easy or hard or back.
clicking on easy will open the first maze.
use w,a,s,d to navigate the pacman.
the pacman eats the pac dots.
The functionality of the project will be shown in the hard maze.
So please restart the program and choose hard maze this time.

Use w,a,s,d to navigate the pacman in direction up,left,down or right.
notice that the pacman is eating the pacdots.

notice that the ghost are moving randomly and we are not controlling them.

now let us eat a power dot at the end of the maze.
now notice that the pacman is changing colour indicating that it has the power to kill the ghost.

on contact with ghost,the ghost dies and respawns at its initial position.

Now after some time the colour change stops indicating tha the power is lost.

now contact with ghost leads to pacman's death and respawning at its initial position.

now thru channel is demonstrated.

now when all 3 lives are lost,the game ends and the score is displayed on the bottom.

now we are back on the menu.

Click on exit to close the program.


Thank you for watching.
